.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report 
about: Report errors or unexpected issues 
title: '[bug]: '
labels: bug 
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Thanks for creating an issue! In order to expedite the bug fixing please fill as much of the following categories as possible. -->

### Description

A brief description of the issue.

### Affected part

Which part of the application is impacted

- [ ] General UI
- [ ] General Options/Settings
- [ ] Connection settings
- [ ] Task list
- [ ] Notification
- [ ] Pop-up
- [ ] Context-menu
- [ ] Content-script (inside the page)
- [ ] Overlay

### Screenshots or Mock up

If possible provide a screenshot or a mock-up of the issue.

### Steps to Reproduce the Issue

1. When I'm in the settings tabs, and I click on the edit buttons
2. The interface does something unexpected
3. And the application crashes

### Failure Logs

```
If possible open the console by right clicking the extension's icon, left clicking on 'Inspect Popup-up' and then copy pasting any error log you can find.
```

### Versions

**Extension version**: (visible the manage extension page in your browser)

**Browser version**: (usually found in the browser's "About")

**DSM version**: (DSM > Control Panel > Info Center > General > DSM version)

Commit message:

chore(github): update issue template to have downloads

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report 
about: Report errors or unexpected issues 
title: '[bug]: '
labels: bug 
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Thanks for creating an issue! In order to expedite the bug fixing please fill as much of the following categories as possible. -->

### Description

A brief description of the issue.

### Affected part

Which part of the application is impacted

- [ ] General UI
- [ ] General Options/Settings
- [ ] Connection settings
- [ ] Task list
- [ ] Notification
- [ ] Pop-up
- [ ] Context-menu
- [ ] Content-script (inside the page)
- [ ] Overlay
- [ ] Downloads

### Screenshots or Mock up

If possible provide a screenshot or a mock-up of the issue.

### Steps to Reproduce the Issue

1. When I'm doing this
2. Then this
3. While having this open
4. This doesn't work

### Failure Logs

```
If possible open the console by right clicking the extension's icon, left clicking on 'Inspect Popup-up' and then copy pasting any error log you can find.
```

### Versions

**Extension version**: (visible the manage extension page in your browser)

**Browser version**: (usually found in the browser's "About")

**DSM version**: (DSM > Control Panel > Info Center > General > DSM version)
